Hey it's Andre here.
I want to talk about an important principle which is this idea of not over complicating things so far
in the course.
We learned a ton and there are so many more things so many libraries so many tools that we can use.
And it's very very easy to start using perhaps the latest react features the latest coolest library
keep adding all these tools and trying to make your code look impressive.
But that comes at a cost.
Remember when you're working on a team when you're working with others when you're working on big projects.
How many lines of code you write isn't indicative of how good of a developer you are.
I argue that the less code you write the better it is because every line of code means you need to test
that code.
It could be buggy code.
It's a code that somebody has to read to maintain it.
So you want to make sure that when you write code you're not doing things just to look impressive just
to be clever.
What you want to do is to keep things simple.
Do you think that react hooks is confusing.
Good.
Then don't use them.
Use class syntax because good code isn't about what's the latest and what's the trend trendiest good
code is about writing really predictable clean understandable code.
And senior developers understand this.
The cleaner your code the simpler it is the better it's going to do in the long term so remember next
time you want to implement graph Q Well of react to Router react hooks context API styled components
just for your simple to do app that's when you need to stop and reconsider.
Hey don't overcomplicate keep things simple.